we're going to take a quick look at the
components of the new Miller rod polymer
series this is the 7-foot set and all
the sets are made up of these 14 inch
rods you see the the black is a poly
nylon rod so it's got a little stiffness
to it get quarter-inch threads so
they're standard strat threads will be
able to be used with all your other
accessories and you'll basically just
take these and screw them together now
the black rods are stiff they're made
for giving you some distance across a
cross and open ceiling in a wall or for
my short runs you also get two of these
round rods and these are more flexible
you get about a 35-percent complex--
with these and also notice that they're
single piece construction so there no
separate metal tips there's no
fiberglass door not fiberglass so you'll
never get anything on your skin and they
won't shatter you also get two of the
flat superflex rods which will go 360
degrees as you can see and of course
they interact with the other rods as
well so you'll just screw them together
to make the set of your choice up to 7
feet in this set 14 foot and eighty
percent now you also get five
accessories and this is a big deal
because not many companies will do this
for you you get the gender changer you
get the hook which is obviously useful
you get these two eyes for threading
threading wire through for pulling and
then you get a bullet and the bullet is
important for poking a hole through
insulation under carpet etc so those are
the components of the 7-foot set the two
black the two round red the two flat red
and the five accessories it's the same
in the 14-foot set except you get twice
as many rods they all come in this nice
little carry to 18 inches long fits in a
toolbox or hooks onto the belt it's got
the little hole on top for you to do so
the 14-foot and the 7-foot second fit in
there and you also have the option of
getting a glow version so we do make a
fluorescent glow in the dark version
very easy to keep track of in the in the
roof or a ceiling or behind
wall etc and they come with the same
kind of accessories you get the bullet
you get a fluorescent hook you get to
fluoresce and eyes there's just no
gender changer available so there you go
the new milrod polymer series